Added info on possibility of users without address (#37)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api.md

| Scopes      | Description                                    | User consent required  |
| ------------| -----------------------------------------------|-------- |
| openid      | Scope used to request an Id-token. It provides the claim “sub” which is a unique id for the end user at that particular merchant. Note: Different merchants will get different subs for the same end user.              |   no    |

> | address     | User can have up to three addresses in Vipps: home, work and other. Users' addresses are given as claims 'address' and 'other_addresses'. The claim 'address' returns the address set as 'default' for the Vipps user. And the claim 'other_addresses' returns all other addresses of the end user, if any.  We recommend that merchants fetch all addresses on a user and allow the user to choose which address to use in the relevant context. Some users will not have any registered address, in these situations the claim 'address' will be delivered buth the address fields will be empty. |   yes   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| address     | User can have up to three addresses in Vipps: home, work and other. Users' addresses are given as claims 'address' and 'other_addresses'. The claim 'address' returns the address set as 'default' for the Vipps user. And the claim 'other_addresses' returns all other addresses of the end user, if any.  We recommend that merchants fetch all addresses on a user and allow the user to choose which address to use in the relevant context. Some users will not have any registered address, in these situations the claim 'address' will be delivered buth the sub claims in address will be empty strings. |   yes   |
```

Reviewer: Tenker kanskje dette er litt meir beskrivende?
